spring-web/README.md, before:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/spring-web.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/spring-web)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/spring-web/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/spring-web)

[Axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum) is one of the best web frameworks in the Rust community. It is a sub-project based on [hyper](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper) maintained by Tokio. Axum provides web routing, declarative HTTP request parsing, HTTP response serialization, and can be combined with the middleware in the [tower](https://github.com/tower-rs) ecosystem.

## Dependencies

```toml
spring-web = { version = "<version>" }
```

optional **features**: `http2`, `multipart`, `ws`.

## Configuration items

```toml
[web]
binding = "172.20.10.4"  # IP address of the network interface to bind, default 0.0.0.0
port = 8000              # Port number to bind, default 8080
connect_info = false     # Whether to use client connection information, default false
graceful = true          # Whether to enable graceful shutdown, default false

# Web middleware configuration
[web.middlewares]
compression = { enable = true }                        # Enable compression middleware
catch_panic = { enable = true }                        # Capture panic generated by handler
logger = { enable = true, level = "info" }             # Enable log middleware
limit_payload = { enable = true, body_limit = "5MB" }  # Limit request body size
timeout_request = { enable = true, timeout = 60000 }   # Request timeout 60s

# Cross-domain configuration
cors = { enable = true, allow_origins = [
    "*.github.io",
], allow_headers = [
    "Authentication",
], allow_methods = [
    "GET",
    "POST",
], max_age = 60 }

# Static resource configuration
static = { enable = true, uri = "/static", path = "static", precompressed = true, fallback = "index.html" }
```

> **NOTE**: The above middleware configuration can integrate the middleware provided in the tower ecosystem. Of course, if you are very familiar with the tower ecosystem, you can also configure it yourself by writing code without enabling these middleware. The following are relevant document links:
> * [tower](https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/)
> * [tower-http](https://docs.rs/tower-http/latest/tower_http/)

## API interface

App implements the [WebConfigurator](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/trait.WebConfigurator.html) feature, which can be used to specify routing configuration:

```no_run, rust, linenos, hl_lines=6 10-18
use spring::App;
use spring_web::get;
use spring_web::{WebPlugin, WebConfigurator, Router, axum::response::IntoResponse, handler::TypeRouter};
use spring_sqlx::SqlxPlugin;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
    App::new()
      .add_plugin(SqlxPlugin)
      .add_plugin(WebPlugin)
      .add_router(router())
      .run()
      .await
}

fn router() -> Router {
    Router::new().typed_route(hello_word)
}

#[get("/")]
async fn hello_word() -> impl IntoResponse {
   "hello word"
}
```

You can also use the `auto_config` macro to implement automatic configuration. This process macro will automatically register the routes marked by the Procedural Macro into the app:

```diff
+#[auto_config(WebConfigurator)]
 #[tokio::main]
 async fn main() {
    App::new()
    .add_plugin(SqlxPlugin)
    .add_plugin(WebPlugin)
-   .add_router(router())
    .run()
    .await
}

-fn router() -> Router {
-    Router::new().typed_route(hello_word)
-}
```

## Attribute macro

[`get`](https://docs.rs/spring-macros/latest/spring_macros/attr.get.html) in the above example is an attribute macro. `spring-web` provides eight standard HTTP METHOD process macros: `get`, `post`, `patch`, `put`, `delete`, `head`, `trace`, `options`.

You can also use the [`route`](https://docs.rs/spring-macros/latest/spring_macros/attr.route.html) macro to bind multiple methods at the same time:

```rust
use spring_web::route;
use spring_web::axum::response::IntoResponse;

#[route("/test", method = "GET", method = "HEAD")]
async fn example() -> impl IntoResponse {
    "hello world"
}
```

In addition, spring also supports binding multiple routes to a handler, which requires the [`routes`](https://docs.rs/spring-macros/latest/spring_macros/attr.routes.html) attribute macro:

```rust
use spring_web::{routes, get, delete};
use spring_web::axum::response::IntoResponse;

#[routes]
#[get("/test")]
#[get("/test2")]
#[delete("/test")]
async fn example() -> impl IntoResponse {
    "hello world"
}
```

## Extract the Component registered by the plugin

In the above example, the `SqlxPlugin` plugin automatically registers a Sqlx connection pool component for us. We can use `Component` to extract this connection pool from State. [`Component`](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/extractor/struct.Component.html) is an axum [extractor](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/extract/index.html).

```rust
use anyhow::Context;
use spring_web::get;
use spring_web::{axum::response::IntoResponse, extractor::Component, error::Result};
use spring_sqlx::{ConnectPool, sqlx::{self, Row}};

#[get("/version")]
async fn mysql_version(Component(pool): Component<ConnectPool>) -> Result<String> {
    let version = sqlx::query("select version() as version")
        .fetch_one(&pool)
        .await
        .context("sqlx query failed")?
        .get("version");
    Ok(version)
}
```

Axum also provides other [extractors](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/extract/index.html), which are reexported under [`spring_web::extractor`](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/extractor/index.html).

## Read configuration

You can use [`Config`](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/extractor/struct.Config.html) to extract the configuration in the toml file.


```rust
use spring_web::get;
use spring_web::{extractor::Config, axum::response::IntoResponse};
use spring::config::Configurable;
use serde::Deserialize;

#[derive(Debug, Configurable, Deserialize)]
#[config_prefix = "custom"]
struct CustomConfig {
    a: u32,
    b: bool,
}

#[get("/config")]
async fn use_toml_config(Config(conf): Config<CustomConfig>) -> impl IntoResponse {
    format!("a={}, b={}", conf.a, conf.b)
}
```

Add the corresponding configuration to your configuration file:

```toml
[custom]
a = 1
b = true
```

Complete code reference [`web-example`][web-example]

[web-example]: https://github.com/spring-rs/spring-rs/tree/master/examples/web-example

## Use Extractor in Middleware

You can also use [Extractor in middleware](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/middleware/fn.from_fn.html), but please note that you need to follow the rules of axum.

```rust
use spring_web::{middlewares, axum::middleware};

/// you can apply this middleware to your routes using the `middlewares` macro:
#[middlewares(
    middleware::from_fn(problem_middleware),
)]
mod routes {
    use spring_web::{axum::{response::Response, middleware::Next, response::IntoResponse}, extractor::{Request, Component}};
    use spring_sqlx::ConnectPool;
    use spring_web::{middlewares, get, axum::middleware};
    use std::time::Duration;

    async fn problem_middleware(Component(db): Component<ConnectPool>, request: Request, next: Next) -> Response {
        // do something
        let response = next.run(request).await;

        response
    }

    #[get("/")]
    async fn hello_world() -> impl IntoResponse {
        "hello world"
    }

}
```

This middleware will:
- Intercept all responses from routes in the module

Complete code reference [`web-middleware-example`][web-middleware-example]

[web-middleware-example]: https://github.com/spring-rs/spring-rs/tree/master/examples/web-middleware-example

spring-web is a thin wrapper around axum, adding some macros to simplify development. [The examples of axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/tree/main/examples) can be run in spring-web.

Commit message:

feat: add Socket.IO support and update documentation

spring-web/README.md, after:

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/spring-web.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/spring-web)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/spring-web/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/spring-web)

[Axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum) is one of the best web frameworks in the Rust community. It is a sub-project based on [hyper](https://github.com/hyperium/hyper) maintained by Tokio. Axum provides web routing, declarative HTTP request parsing, HTTP response serialization, and can be combined with the middleware in the [tower](https://github.com/tower-rs) ecosystem.

## Dependencies

```toml
spring-web = { version = "<version>" }
```

optional **features**: `http2`, `multipart`, `ws`, `socket_io`

## Configuration items

```toml
[web]
binding = "172.20.10.4"  # IP address of the network interface to bind, default 0.0.0.0
port = 8000              # Port number to bind, default 8080
connect_info = false     # Whether to use client connection information, default false
graceful = true          # Whether to enable graceful shutdown, default false

# Web middleware configuration
[web.middlewares]
compression = { enable = true }                        # Enable compression middleware
catch_panic = { enable = true }                        # Capture panic generated by handler
logger = { enable = true, level = "info" }             # Enable log middleware
limit_payload = { enable = true, body_limit = "5MB" }  # Limit request body size
timeout_request = { enable = true, timeout = 60000 }   # Request timeout 60s

# Cross-domain configuration
cors = { enable = true, allow_origins = [
    "*.github.io",
], allow_headers = [
    "Authentication",
], allow_methods = [
    "GET",
    "POST",
], max_age = 60 }

# Static resource configuration
static = { enable = true, uri = "/static", path = "static", precompressed = true, fallback = "index.html" }
```

> **NOTE**: The above middleware configuration can integrate the middleware provided in the tower ecosystem. Of course, if you are very familiar with the tower ecosystem, you can also configure it yourself by writing code without enabling these middleware. The following are relevant document links:
> * [tower](https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/)
> * [tower-http](https://docs.rs/tower-http/latest/tower_http/)

## API interface

App implements the [WebConfigurator](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/trait.WebConfigurator.html) feature, which can be used to specify routing configuration:

```no_run, rust, linenos, hl_lines=6 10-18
use spring::App;
use spring_web::get;
use spring_web::{WebPlugin, WebConfigurator, Router, axum::response::IntoResponse, handler::TypeRouter};
use spring_sqlx::SqlxPlugin;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
    App::new()
      .add_plugin(SqlxPlugin)
      .add_plugin(WebPlugin)
      .add_router(router())
      .run()
      .await
}

fn router() -> Router {
    Router::new().typed_route(hello_word)
}

#[get("/")]
async fn hello_word() -> impl IntoResponse {
   "hello word"
}
```

You can also use the `auto_config` macro to implement automatic configuration. This process macro will automatically register the routes marked by the Procedural Macro into the app:

```diff
+#[auto_config(WebConfigurator)]
 #[tokio::main]
 async fn main() {
    App::new()
    .add_plugin(SqlxPlugin)
    .add_plugin(WebPlugin)
-   .add_router(router())
    .run()
    .await
}

-fn router() -> Router {
-    Router::new().typed_route(hello_word)
-}
```

## Attribute macro

[`get`](https://docs.rs/spring-macros/latest/spring_macros/attr.get.html) in the above example is an attribute macro. `spring-web` provides eight standard HTTP METHOD process macros: `get`, `post`, `patch`, `put`, `delete`, `head`, `trace`, `options`.

You can also use the [`route`](https://docs.rs/spring-macros/latest/spring_macros/attr.route.html) macro to bind multiple methods at the same time:

```rust
use spring_web::route;
use spring_web::axum::response::IntoResponse;

#[route("/test", method = "GET", method = "HEAD")]
async fn example() -> impl IntoResponse {
    "hello world"
}
```

In addition, spring also supports binding multiple routes to a handler, which requires the [`routes`](https://docs.rs/spring-macros/latest/spring_macros/attr.routes.html) attribute macro:

```rust
use spring_web::{routes, get, delete};
use spring_web::axum::response::IntoResponse;

#[routes]
#[get("/test")]
#[get("/test2")]
#[delete("/test")]
async fn example() -> impl IntoResponse {
    "hello world"
}
```

## Extract the Component registered by the plugin

In the above example, the `SqlxPlugin` plugin automatically registers a Sqlx connection pool component for us. We can use `Component` to extract this connection pool from State. [`Component`](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/extractor/struct.Component.html) is an axum [extractor](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/extract/index.html).

```rust
use anyhow::Context;
use spring_web::get;
use spring_web::{axum::response::IntoResponse, extractor::Component, error::Result};
use spring_sqlx::{ConnectPool, sqlx::{self, Row}};

#[get("/version")]
async fn mysql_version(Component(pool): Component<ConnectPool>) -> Result<String> {
    let version = sqlx::query("select version() as version")
        .fetch_one(&pool)
        .await
        .context("sqlx query failed")?
        .get("version");
    Ok(version)
}
```

Axum also provides other [extractors](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/extract/index.html), which are reexported under [`spring_web::extractor`](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/extractor/index.html).

## Read configuration

You can use [`Config`](https://docs.rs/spring-web/latest/spring_web/extractor/struct.Config.html) to extract the configuration in the toml file.


```rust
use spring_web::get;
use spring_web::{extractor::Config, axum::response::IntoResponse};
use spring::config::Configurable;
use serde::Deserialize;

#[derive(Debug, Configurable, Deserialize)]
#[config_prefix = "custom"]
struct CustomConfig {
    a: u32,
    b: bool,
}

#[get("/config")]
async fn use_toml_config(Config(conf): Config<CustomConfig>) -> impl IntoResponse {
    format!("a={}, b={}", conf.a, conf.b)
}
```

Add the corresponding configuration to your configuration file:

```toml
[custom]
a = 1
b = true
```

Complete code reference [`web-example`][web-example]

[web-example]: https://github.com/spring-rs/spring-rs/tree/master/examples/web-example

## Use Extractor in Middleware

You can also use [Extractor in middleware](https://docs.rs/axum/latest/axum/middleware/fn.from_fn.html), but please note that you need to follow the rules of axum.

```rust
use spring_web::{middlewares, axum::middleware};

/// you can apply this middleware to your routes using the `middlewares` macro:
#[middlewares(
    middleware::from_fn(problem_middleware),
)]
mod routes {
    use spring_web::{axum::{response::Response, middleware::Next, response::IntoResponse}, extractor::{Request, Component}};
    use spring_sqlx::ConnectPool;
    use spring_web::{middlewares, get, axum::middleware};
    use std::time::Duration;

    async fn problem_middleware(Component(db): Component<ConnectPool>, request: Request, next: Next) -> Response {
        // do something
        let response = next.run(request).await;

        response
    }

    #[get("/")]
    async fn hello_world() -> impl IntoResponse {
        "hello world"
    }

}
```

This middleware will:
- Intercept all responses from routes in the module

Complete code reference [`web-middleware-example`][web-middleware-example]

[web-middleware-example]: https://github.com/spring-rs/spring-rs/tree/master/examples/web-middleware-example

spring-web is a thin wrapper around axum, adding some macros to simplify development. [The examples of axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/tree/main/examples) can be run in spring-web.

# SocketIO support

You can enable the `socket_io` feature of `spring-web` to use a integration with [socketioxide](https://github.com/Totodore/socketioxide).

SocketIO is a implementation of WebSocket with more definitions.
- Named events (like `chat message`, `user joined`, etc.) instead of just plain messages
- Automatic reconnection if the connection is lost
- Heartbeat mechanism to detect dead connections
- Rooms / Namespaces to group clients
- Fallbacks to other transports if WebSocket isn't available

You can refer to the [socketio-example](https://github.com/spring-rs/spring-rs/tree/master/examples/web-socketio-example) for a example of using SocketIO in spring-web.

We can share components registered by plugins in SocketIO handlers, just like in normal HTTP handlers, for example, using the Sqlx connection pool component registered by the `SqlxPlugin` plugin.
